# CS-340
I write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable by separating the code into easy to understand functions, commenting appropriately, and making the code as dynamic as possible. The advantages to working this way are being able to easily share code in collaboration with others, being able to read your own code later, and being able to reuse helper functions in future projects. For example, I could use the CRUD operations I wrote here in future projects which use a NoSQL database. Some specifics relating to the database may need to be changed, but the operations themselves will be laregely similar.

I approach a problem as a computer scientist through experimentation and research. I try different methods and test them as I go, and read documentation and online forums relating to the libraries used in order to make sure I am implementing things correctly. In this project, my approach differed from my other courses in that I needed to do more research on the libraries used. For example, I was not previously familiar with Dash so I needed to look up how it was used to create web pages before doing it myself. With most courses the needed resources are covered in tutorials before being used in a project, but this course encouraged independent research. In the future, I would use this approach to create databases and meet customer requests. I may not be familiar with the specific tools the customer wants but I will be able to research them and use them after finding out how they work online. Since the baseline is similar in the operations done, it is just a matter of finding out the specifics of different libraries.

Computer scientists find ways to make computers complete tasks to aid humans. It matters because computers can dramatically increase the productivity of a task. My work on this type of a project can help a company do better by giving them the ability to use databases to improve their operations. The databases can be analyzed and improved upon in order to make better decisions. 
